Does Erin Andrews have Justin Bieber on the brain?
Is Erin Andrews a Belieber? 

The veteran sports reporter seemed to stumble over her words while interviewing Boston Red Sox player Mike Napoli following a game against the Detroit Tigers. Andrews attempted to ask Napoli about the Tigers’ Justin Verlander but she stumbled over her words and it sounded like she almost said “Justin Bieber” instead. 

She quickly corrected herself but social media took notice of the near mix-up.
My lord..people are unreal RT @NDisch: “@pvdj: @ErinAndrews did you almost say Justin Bieber instead of Verlander in post game interview?”
If u really think I have Bieber on my mind, then u are soooooo right #sarcasm
So did Erin have Bieber on the brain? Take a look at the video and judge for yourself.




Justin Bieber gives child battling cancer dream date.
If you still weren't feeling the love on Valentine's Day, this story should help: Six-year-old Avalanna Routh, who is battling cancer, got the chance to meet her dream date, none other than pop star Justin Bieber.

Routh has a rare form of brain cancer called AT/RT, the New York Daily News reports. Last year, the nurses at the 6-year-old's Boston treatment center threw her a pretend wedding in which she "married" a cutout of the 17-year-old pop star.

Thanks to a Facebook page called "Get Avalanna to Meet Justin Bieber," the young singer learned that he had a special super-fan out in Massachusetts.


On Monday, Bieber flew Routh and her family out to New York for a sweet pre-Valentine's Day date filled with board games, cupcakes and candy – as well as a smooch.

Even better, it seems Routh is now for sure Bieber's pretend wife.

"It was great...He wants to be my husband," Routh explained, according to CNN affiliate NECN, and on his Twitter account the singer posted that he was hanging out with "a special little girl #MrsBieber."

"That was one of the best things i have ever done," Bieber tweeted Monday. "She was AWESOME! Feeling really inspired now! #MrsBieber."

According to NECN, Routh's mom is hoping this will raise more awareness about the form of cancer her daughter is fighting.

"This is a beautiful story," she said, "and we need to keep the momentum going and we need to fund finding a cure for AT/RT."




Justin Bieber auctions pet snake for charity.
Justin Bieber has attracted a lot of attention with his choice of pet: a baby boa constrictor named Johnson. The pop star and Johnson are set to go their separate ways, however, as the snake's being auctioned off for charity, reports the New York Daily News.

The teen singer is selling his baby boa – who came to our attention at the 2011 MTV Video Music Awards – to raise money for Justin’s non-profit of choice, Pencils of Promise.

You’d better have deep pockets if you’re interested in owning Bieber’s snake. According to online auction site Charity Buzz, bidding is already up to $5,750.


The auction site does have a warning on snake ownership for any flaky bidders: “Before making any decision about keeping one please ensure you have the money, space, knowledge, time, resources and enthusiasm required to properly care for the species you intend to keep, for the duration of its life.”

Johnson the snake will head home with the highest bidder – who will be screened for proper pet ownership – after the auction closes November 29.

Seventeen-year-old Bieber is one charitable little dude. Not only is he selling his very own pet snake for a good cause, the singer recently announced the launch of his “Believe” charity drive. Part of the proceeds from the singer's Christmas album, "Under the Mistletoe,” will go to organizations including the Boys & Girls Clubs of America, the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and Johnson’s cause, Pencils of Promise.




Forget Obama, student wants to meet Bieber.
Seeing President Obama may have been exciting enough for students at Bluestone High School in Virginia Tuesday, but at least one girl was hoping the commander-in-chief could put her in touch with someone else.

“Do you know Justin Bieber?" asked a student during the surprise visit.

"I do," Obama responded. "I do. He's a very nice young man... I think he's got a girlfriend. He's a nice guy."

Obama first met the teen pop star sensation at the White House Easter Egg hunt in 2010 and earlier this year the president arranged for Bieber to meet a fan whose father had died during the 9/11 attacks.




Reporter's notebook: Justin Bieber lifts spirits in tsunami-hit Japan.
You've likely heard the idiom, "politics makes strange bedfellows." In Tokyo, at the U.S. Ambassador's Residence, the saying came to life as teen heartthrob Justin Bieber, the American and Canadian ambassadors to Japan and nine children from the tsunami-ravaged region of Japan gathered in a small room in front of the international press.
The 17-year-old Canadian pop star walked into the room with the children and squeezed onto a couch with them. The girls and boys, all representatives of some of the hardest-hit communities in northeastern Japan, shyly peered at Bieber as he made small talk with them.
"How old are you?" the singer asked one of the girls.
"17," she replied.
"I'm the same age!" he exclaimed.
Bieber, well-practiced at smiling naturally as dozens of camera flashes blinded him, tried to get the tsunami victims to relax and talk through an interpreter. But the children were typically shy Japanese schoolchildren. They didn't giggle or even seem all that visibly excited to be with one of the world's biggest media sensations. They occasionally stared at the news cameras, unable to hide the awkwardness of being part of this media event.
One of the public information officers at the U.S. Embassy said he wasn't quite sure how many of them were fans of Justin Bieber, a singer who is quite popular in Japan, but not at the level of some of Asia's bigger pop stars. Their teacher, however, was outwardly filled with glee, smiling and laughing as they all gathered for a group photo.
A boy read a letter he wrote to Bieber, saying thank you for sharing his time with them. The boy said he was from Otsuchi, a town where half of the city was completely leveled. He bowed and looked pleased.
"Things can get better and things will get better," Bieber told the children, as cameras clicked all around him. "There can only be good times to come from this and my prayers go out to all of your families."
The U.S. Embassy says the pop star had originally requested to perform a concert in the tsunami region, but that proved impossible, given the level of the disaster. So it helped arrange a 45-minute meet and greet in front of the media, hoping it would lift the spirits of the children in the region. But U.S. Ambassador John Roos also hoped it sent a message to a wider audience.
"Events like Justin Bieber's visit to Japan not only lift the spirits of young people in Japan but are an important contribution to the message to the world that Japan is safe to visit and open for business," said Roos.
Outside the U.S. Ambassador's Residence a group that Bieber was more accustomed to greeting held vigil. Two dozen pre-teen girls, clutching Justin Bieber posters and books, screamed at each car that entered and exited out of the residence.
"We love you Justin!" they called out, followed by high-pitched screams.
A van, with heavily darkened windows, pulled out of the residence.
"That's him, that's him!" screamed a girl, who had made that same allegation at three other cars. But no matter. Her friends screamed and chased the van half-way down the block, while security guards at the U.S. Embassy tried to herd the girls onto the sidewalk. The guards looked frustrated, not sure how to contain the girls who scurried outside the residence like ants.
It was, for sure, not a typical day at this government building.




Kim Kardashian: Bieber's got swag.
Call it teen boy swag if you must, but whatever it is, Justin Bieber’s got it – or so says Kim Kardashian.

The 29-year-old reality TV star attracted negative attention from Fox News host Bill O’Reilly because she posed in a saucy photo shoot with 16-year-old Bieber for Elle magazine. "The theme was 'The Graduate, for obvious reasons,” Kardashian joked on her blog.

And while both of the stars have said that they’re just friends, Kardashian has said she might take a second look at the Biebs if he was already 18.


“I asked if you would date him if he was 18, and you said absolutely,” George Lopez said to Kardashian Tuesday night on his TBS talk show.

Kardashian, who recently ended a relationship with pro athlete Reggie Bush, carefully responded, “If he was of legal age.” Here’s the thing about Biebs, she added: “Justin Bieber, he has this swag to him; you have to meet him. He has this swag.”

She then dismissed O’Reilly’s commentary, telling Lopez that the frolicking on the Elle shoot was nothing short of wholesome.

“The shoot was all in fun. We had a good time. Everyone’s entitled to their own opinion on it,” she said. “We were just having a good time.”

As for Bieber, he's already agreed that the shoot was a great time. "She's really beautiful so that was ... I mean, any 16-year-old would want to do a photo shoot with her," he told Access Hollywood. To top it off, he went on, "Beyond just being, like, extremely hot, she's actually, you know, a really nice person."




Kanye's dream collaboration? Bieber.
After catching a severe case of Bieber Fever over the weekend, Kanye West plans to remedy the situation by collaborating with the teen singing sensation.

"Listening to @Justin Bieber "Run Away love" ... I love Sunday mornings in the crib," tweeted West,who said he'd played the song about 10 times that morning.

Flattered, Bieber replied to the hip-hop superstar, "it's not a so what moment for me. I'm 16 and a fan. I'm kinda hyped u are listening to my stuff. Thank u. Nice sunday morning."


Their love-fest didn't end there, however.

West, gushing like a true Belieber, wrote back, "So bugged out me and @JustinBieber are tweeting at the same time... Social networking is pretty awesome." He then proposed that he and the teen pop star get together for a collaboration, along with legendary rapper Raekwon.

"Yo Ghost and Rae were on one of my favorite Jodeci remixes of all time.. maybe me and Rae should hop on Runaway Love," West tweeted.

It appears that he's already started working on his vocals –  just in case. After revealing that he had been dancing around his house to Bieber's hit, wondering, "Will your Itunes break if you play a song to many times????????!!!!!!!!!!! Runaway Loooooooooooooove!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!" he confessed that he had also taken a stab at singing the song.

"I just tried to sing the first notes of Runaway Love and when my voice cracked, had to remember I don't sing that good," West tweeted. "GODBLESSAUTOTUNE."




Bieber mania descends on Singapore Grand Prix.
Canadian pop idol Justin Bieber could upstage even the likes of Fernando Alonso and Lewis Hamilton at this weekend's Formula One Singapore Grand Prix, organisers said Wednesday.

The 19-year-old, known worldwide for his army of loyal "Beliebers", is set to perform at the street circuit a day after Sunday's night race.

"I think we have had more media mentions and more focus on Justin coming through than Alonso or Lewis Hamilton," said Michael Roche, chief executive of organisers Singapore GP Pte Ltd, half in jest.

Bieber is among a star-studded line-up including Rihanna and American rock band The Killers set to perform at the sidelines of Formula One's only night race.

"I don't think there has been anything we have done that has caused such a stir in five or six years," Roche said.

Singapore, which first held the race in 2008, last year announced a five-year extension to 2017.




Justin Bieber, future Virgin Galactic astronaut.
Justin Bieber's reach could soon extend out of this world.

According to a tweet from Virgin Galactic founder Richard Branson, the 19-year-old pop star and his manager, Scooter Braun, have joined Ashton Kutcher as the latest celebrities to sign up for a ride on Branson's SpaceShip Two commercial space flight.


"Great to hear @justinbieber & @scooterbraun are latest @virgingalactic future astronauts," Branson tweeted Wednesday. "Congrats, see you up there!"

Branson's passenger spacecraft had its first rocket-powered test flight in April, and plans to continue its test runs with the goal of reaching full space flight by the end of this year.

Biebs and Braun both retweeted Branson's note, with Bieber already thinking ahead to the grander possibilities: "let's shoot a music video in SPACE!! #nextLEVEL."

It's not the first time the singer has shared his dreams of universal stardom, as he tweeted back in February that he wanted to do "a concert in space." NASA was game to assist Bieber at the time, replying, "Maybe we can help with that."

Never say never.




Fan rushes Bieber at Dubai concert.
Canadian singing sensation Justin Bieber was left shaken but unhurt after an overenthusiastic fan jumped on stage during his concert in Dubai and attempted to grab him mid song.
The gig had already caused controversy among fans after Bieber arrived on stage two hours late.
The incident, the latest of a slew of controversies on the singer's "Believe" tour, sparked a buzz on social media sites, with his fans, or 'Beliebers', rushing to check their idol was safe.
CNN looked at social media sites to see what happened and how fans, detractors, and the teen superstar himself, responded.
Mobile users, click here to see the Storify.
Dubai drama for Bieber
Teen superstar Justin Bieber was left unhurt after a fan ran on stage and grabbed him during a concert in Dubai. The Canadian singer was playing piano when the man attempted to grab him before being tackled by security. Both fans -- and global media -- were quick to react to the incident.
Fans of the Canadian singer -- often known as "Beliebers," were anxiously awaiting the singer's concert, part of his global "Believe" tour. 
The drama started even before the concert began. The singer arrived two hours late on state, angering many parents who had escorted their young children.
Shame on you Justin Bieber, you make your fans in Dubai who are all children and have a school day the next day wait for you for two hours.
Eventually, the evening kicked off. Then, disaster -- as a fan apparently managed to evade security and approach the singer, attempting to fling his arms around him as he sat singing at a black piano.
The fan was swiftly tackled by a burly security guard as Bieber managed to evade his clutches and, after a brief pause, continue the song. Meanwhile the hapless fan -- and the piano -- were sent crashing to the ground, amid desperate screams from fans.
As news of the incident spread like wildfire across the Internet, fans and friends were quick to rush to social media to send their best wishes and check on the superstar's welfare.
@JustinBieber, I'm glad that nothin' happened w/ u last night in Dubai. Some fans r crazy, especially that boy Belieber who tried 2 attack u
Bieber's musical director and guitarist also tweeted that the incident was not a joke -- but reassured fans there was nothing to worry about.
It wasn't a prank. Someone ran on stage during Believe and the piano got knocked off its platform. Everyone is fine. No need to worry!
Tomas Ovesen, chief operating officer of Done events in charge of Bieber's concert in Dubai, told CNNArabic that the incident was not an "attack," as was initially widely reported, but merely the actions of an overenthusiastic young fan.
 
"It was just a fan aged between 13 to 14 years old [who] jumped on the stage trying to hug his idol and was stopped before reaching the singer,” he said.
 
He also said reports that taped music was playing despite the piano being overturned were "not true."

"The show was 100% live, and the piano kept on playing after one of the band members jumped and kept on playing, " he said. "That’s why it looked like the piano kept on playing after it was obstructed by the fan.”
 The superstar himself remained relatively unruffled, tweeting late after the concert to his fans.
 But it's certainly not the first time the teen sensation has found himself in hot water. In England the star faced boos after arriving late to a concert attended by young fans, while a scuffle with British paparazzi hit the headlines. 

He courted further controversy in Amsterdam when he wrote in a guest book at the Anne Frank museum that he hoped the teenager, who died in the Holocaust, "would have been a belieber."
And with Bieber's tour due to arrive in South Africa, fans -- and the world -- must be wondering what could possibly happen next ...




Swift, Bieber among highest-paid celebrities under 30.
Seven musicians and three “Twilight” stars make up Forbes’ list of the 10 highest-paid celebrities under 30.

Taylor Swift, 22, swipes the top spot with a cool $57 million, beating out Justin Bieber and his $55 million. At 18 years old, the “Boyfriend” singer is the youngest of the top 10 earners.

Mom-to-be Adele nabs the sixth spot on the list, followed by Kristen Stewart and Lil Wayne, who, at 29, is the oldest celebrity of the bunch.

Taylor Lautner, Robert Pattinson and their matching $26.5 millions, round out the top 10.

Taylor Swift, $57 million
Justin Bieber, $55 million
Rihanna, $53 million
Lady Gaga, $52 million
Katy Perry, $45 million
Adele, $35 million
Kristen Stewart, $34.5 million
Lil Wayne, $27 million
Taylor Lautner, $26.5 million
Robert Pattinson, $26.5 million




Justin Bieber's 'Believe' year's biggest debut.
Justin Bieber has not only notched his fourth No. 1 album with his June release, "Believe," but he's also earned the title of the year's biggest debut, Billboard reports.

Selling 374,000 copies in its first week, Bieber's album surpassed Madonna's first week sales of "MDNA," which tallied 359,000.


(The best sales week overall goes to Adele, who sold 730,000 copies of "21" in the week after her big performance at the Grammys.)

Those who purchased "Believe" will get to hear a song called "Maria," which Bieber's admitted addresses that paternity saga he was embroiled in months ago.

"Maria" takes aim at 20-year-old Mariah Yeater, who brought a paternity case against the singer back in November. The suit has since been dropped.

Bieber explained that he just wanted to do something "a little shcoking" during an appearance on Bethenny Frankel's new talk show, "Bethenny."

“It was something that I’d been feeling and wanted to tell people," the 18-year-old singer said. "Because at the end of the day, you know things happen and I don’t get to really talk about it. People twist my words.”

And his words are quite clear: on "Maria," he sings, “That ain’t my baby, that ain’t my girl,” followed by, “Why are you trying to lie girl when I ain’t never met you at all.”

“I’m really able to explain my side of the story,” he added.




Review: Justin Bieber's 'Believe' works surprisingly well.
As a star birthed by YouTube and raised by Twitter, Justin Bieber has never had the luxury of growing up outside the public eye.
In the two years between his breakout 2010 LP, "My World 2.0," and "Believe," his second proper full-length, Bieber has had to go through cultural puberty and actual puberty — a tough gauntlet by any measure.
Luckily, his instincts (or at least the instincts of the small republic of people employed to steer the USS Bieber) are strong, and Believe works surprisingly well as a reinvention and a reintroduction. It's the rare album that tries to be everything to everyone and largely succeeds.
Like his mentor Usher, Bieber fully embraces both Ibiza beats (see dubsteppy bangers ''All Around the World'' and ''Take You'') and urban swagger (Drake and Nicki Minaj each drop by). Believe also updates his signature sounds. ''Catching Feelings'' would have been a smooth spoonful of radio sugar on his debut, but the new Bieber turns it into a soulful R&B campfire jam.
Biology has robbed him of some of his range, but he makes up for it in confidence: First-gen Bieber couldn't have handled the goosebumpy swoop of ''Fall,'' but this JB turns it into the album's profound emotional climax.
It's a prime showcase for his new voice and burgeoning mettle, proving that Bieber isn't just maturing, he's evolving. B+





Bieber sells out U.S. tour in one hour.
It may have taken more time for you to be seated at brunch this weekend than it did for Justin Bieber to sell out his entire North American tour.

A rep for the pop phenomenon has confirmed that tickets for Bieb’s U.S. Believe tour were gone within 60 minutes when they went on sale Saturday.

His manager Scooter Braun tweeted about the snappy ticket sales over the weekend - particularly ones for New York City's Madison Square Garden.


"What!?! Just found out @justinbieber sold out the entire #BelieveTour North America in 1 Hour and both MSG shows clean in 30 seconds!!!!" Braun wrote. "Blown away ... Now we are gonna make sure the #BelieveTour is as epic as possible ... Thank u for supporting the kid. Amazing."

Bieber’s tour trek will begin on September 29 in Arizona and wrap up January 26, 2013, in Miami.

Last month, Bieber teased anxious concertgoers about what they can expect.

"There's a lot of fun stuff,” the 18-year-old singer told MTV of all the “surprises” he has in store. “I've been really hard at work in the studio, in the dance studio, just kind of figuring out what I want to do as far as choreography and whatnot. I think the tour's going to be really special. We got a lot of surprises."

Hopefully that won't include any surprise glass windows. Bieber, who suffered a concussion after running into a glass wall backstage at a Paris show last week, is currently tackling the overseas market and is apparently headed to Spain next.

His next album, also titled “Believe," will arrive June 19.




Justin Bieber writes mom a song for Mother's Day.
Justin Bieber's latest single has one special lady in mind: His mom.

Biebs' new song, called "Turn to You," released at midnight on Friday, just in time for Mother's Day:
"You worked two jobs to keep a roof up over our heads/You chose a life for  me, no you never gave up/I admire you for the strength you've instilled in me," Bieber sings to his mom, Pattie Mallette.


Bieber recently told MTV that "Turn to You" highlights the difficulties his mom faced raising the 18-year-old pop star "at, like, the age I am now," he said. "[It's about] just the struggles she went through and how brave she was, and I think the world needed to know that."

Proceeds from the song are going to benefit the Salvation Army's Bethesda Centre, which provides support to young single mothers. MTV notes Bieber's mom Pattie once turned to the organization when she learned she was pregnant with him.

His mother tweeted Thursday, "[Justin] wrote me a song for Mother's day! So excited 4 #TurnToYou out 2morrow, it made me cry.. Proceeds going 2 help single moms!"

But that’s not all the 18-year-old has done to honor the woman who raised him this year - he also made sure to graduate from high school.

"That was something my mom really wanted me to do, so I had to do it for her," Bieber told People magazine. "I mean, this kind of lifestyle has given me a different perspective on life."

Bieber's new album, "Believe," is due out June 19.




Minions carry Justin Bieber up Great Wall of China.
Just when you thought you might enjoy a week without any news of Justin Bieber annoying the world, along comes evidence that the most beloved/disliked self-involved teenager on the planet has broken one of the most sacred unspoken rules of travel -- don't use your bodyguards to carry you up the Great Wall of China.
More: Doh! 20 biggest travel mistakes
Photos of the seemingly able-bodied Canadian pop star hoisted on the shoulders of his minions at the iconic site were posted on the Twitter page of BelieveTourUpdates, which has been following the singer on his current world tour.
"Justin being carried by his bodyguards up the Great Wall of China today in Beijing, China (September 30th, 2013)," reads the caption of one of multiple photos of Bieber at the Wall.
Even less shocking than the Biebs' fanatical devotion to privileged behavior, the Internet nearly imploded under the weight of all the mockery and rage calling out the diva antics.
Commenters include fed-up Canadians begging the United States to adopt Bieber as one of their own.
More: How to find a great escape in the Great Wall
Netizens in the country where the scene of the alleged travel offense occurred weren't shy about expressing their thoughts either.
On Weibo, China's microblogging site, a Phoenix TV presenter posted: "The way this 'xiao pi hai' Justin Bieber hits the Great Wall is really extravagant."
"Xiao pi hai" is a word used to describe Chinese toddlers who wear toilet-training-friendly pants that expose their bare behinds.
More: Bieber hopes Anne Frank 'would have been a belieber'
These days, it's a popular phrase used to describe someone who's immature.
"It's impressive that he can sit there without a guilty conscience," Weibo user Project V commented.
"Seriously? Justin Bieber is so weak that he needs two guards to carry him on the Great Wall?" posted Taiwanese website Nownews, hopping aboard the Bieber hate-train. "Isn't climbing the Great Wall all about experiencing the breathtaking process during the hike?"
More: Germany asks Bieber to pay costs of caring for his monkey
The 19-year-old star performed in Beijing on September 29.
Next up on the Bieber world tour: stops in Dalian, China (October 2), followed by performances in Shanghai (October 5) and Tokyo (October 7).
Now, if the ambulatorily challenged, faux Canadian (someone have Donald Trump check this guy's birth certificate) gets someone to haul him up Tokyo's SkyTree, we'll be impressed.
At least with the person doing the heavy lifting.




Justin Bieber, time to shut up.
Editor's note: Dean Obeidallah, a former attorney, is a political comedian and frequent commentator on various TV networks including CNN. He is the editor of the politics blog The Dean's Report and co-host of a new CNN podcast "The Big Three" that looks at the top three stories of the week. Follow him on Twitter @deanofcomedy.
(CNN) -- Just when you think teen superstar Justin Bieber couldn't possibly do anything dumber, he does something that makes you do a double face palm. Bieber is truly achieving the impossible: He's making Lindsay Lohan look good.
So what did Bieber do this time? Well, over the weekend he stopped at the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam. This museum is dedicated to preserving the memory of Anne Frank, whose chronicle of her family's efforts to hide from the Nazis during World War II would later become "The Diary of Anne Frank."
Bieber ended his visit by writing in the Holocaust memorial's guest book: "Truly inspiring to come here. Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a belieber."
For those who wonder what he's talking about, a "belieber" is a term used to describe one of Bieber's devoted fans. Apparently Bieber's take-away from visiting this Holocaust memorial was that he hoped that Anne Frank would've been a fan of his music. He may have just redefined the word "narcissistic."
There is a silver lining to this. Some of his young fans tweeted that they had never heard of Anne Frank. Consequently, the controversy surrounding his comments apparently raised awareness about the horrors of the Holocaust to some young people previously unfamiliar with it. And the Anne Frank House praised Bieber's visit.
It was being gracious. But Bieber really needs to stop talking for a while. And I don't say that as someone who harbors an inappropriate amount of dislike for the teen singer. In fact, last May I wrote a piece for CNN.com defending and actually sympathizing with Bieber when he had an altercation with the paparazzi.
But that was almost a year ago. Since then, Bieber has become unbearable.
In the last month alone, we have watched Bieber caught on tape being restrained by his bodyguards as he unleashed a stream of obscenities and threatened members of the paparazzi with physical violence. He also allegedly spit in the face of one of his neighbors and threatened him after the neighbor complained that Bieber was driving his Ferrari at 100 mph in their gated community.
Then we saw Bieber storm out of his March birthday party like a spoiled child calling it the "worst birthday." He went on to show up almost an hour late for his concert in London. And in January, photos surfaced of Bieber smoking what the website TMZ said appeared to be weed with his friend rapper, Lil Twist.
I get it. Bieber wants the world to know he isn't a kid anymore. So he has decided to go the "bad ass" route.
But Bieber will never, ever be the tough guy he wants to be. Why? For starters, he's Canadian. When you think Canada, you think nice, often overly polite people -- not thugs.
Second, Bieber is 5 feet 7 inches tall and weighs 130 pounds. Those measurements say "horse jockey," not scary guy. (Sure, actor Joe Pesci is only 5 feet 4 inches tall and known as a tough guy, but Pesci is Sicilian and was born in Newark, New Jersey, not London, Ontario.)
Bieber is clearly heading down the path of many child stars desperate to make the transformation into grown-up star. But his actions are not getting him there. Instead, he is becoming a walking punch line.
He has a few options. He could simply retire and enjoy his wealth. Estimates are that he is worth more than $100 million. Not bad for a 19-year-old kid -- from Canada. But it's unlikely that Bieber will take that route.
The other option is to avoid the fate of past teen stars who have ended up behind bars or worse as they struggled toward adulthood.
Instead, he could follow the lead of another Justin: Justin Timberlake. He, too, was a young star. First on "The Mickey Mouse Club" and then in the much better known boy band 'N Sync. Timberlake didn't try to be something he's not. He continued to make music and then made a successful transition into acting.
Decision time is now for Justin Bieber: He can be a Timberlake or a cautionary tale that parents tell their kids who want to go into show business. What's it going to be?




Justin Bieber hopes Anne Frank 'would have been a belieber'.
If Anne Frank had not died a teenager in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945, Justin Bieber hopes she would have been his devoted fan.
That's what Bieber, 19, wrote in the guestbook at the Anne Frank House when he visited there Friday, according to the Amsterdam site.
"Truly inspiring to be able to come here. Anne was a great girl. Hopefully she would have been a belieber," Bieber wrote. The tourist site posted the message on its Facebook page.
Adolescent and teen girls obsessed with the Canadian singer are known as "beliebers."
Bieber, who is in the middle of a European tour, stopped by the Anne Frank House between his concert in Antwerp, Belgium, and a Saturday performance in Arnhem, Netherlands. He told fans on Twitter it was a "chill day."
Bieber visited the house "together with his friends and guards" Friday night, according to the site's official Facebook page. The Anne Frank House confirmed to CNN that its Facebook post carrying Bieber's message was authentic.
"Fans were waiting outside to see a glimpse of him. He stayed more than an hour in the museum," the Facebook page said.
Anne Frank's story
Frank was 13 when she and her family began hiding in a dark and damp "secret annex" of the house to escape the German roundup of Jews in Holland in July 1942. She never left the house for two years, spending much of her time writing in her diary, until she and her family were found and arrested by Nazis in August 1944.
Anne Frank died of typhus in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in March 1945. Her diary survived to tell her tragic and inspiring story.
Bieber's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN's request for comment Sunday, but visitors to the Anne Frank Facebook page had plenty to say.
A sample of reactions:
"Glad he went, but, the last sentence is VERY self serving. he missed the lessons of Anne totally."
"She would've been a WHAT? That little idiot is way too full of himself. She's an important historical figure so show some respect."
"Way to turn an inspiring moment into something about yourself."
"lets hope she would have never been a belieber"
"Here I thought it was nice of him to go and see the history of her until I read what he wrote. Have some respect Mr. Bieber for she will be famous long after your fame fizzles."
"'Despite everything, i believe people are really good at heart' - Anne Frank I think before everyone goes bashing Justin Bieber we should take a moment to think about these words and why Anne said them."




Justin Bieber spat on me, neighbor charges.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Justin Bieber's neighbor accused the singer of spitting on him and making threats during a heated confrontation outside his California home Tuesday, a sheriff's spokesman said.
Los Angeles County Sheriff's deputies are investigating the neighbor's battery complaint against Bieber, spokesman Steve Whitmore said.
Bieber's representative denied to deputies that the singer spat on or threatened the neighbor, Whitmore said.
A member of the singer's security personnel toldCNN there was no physical contact.
"The neighbor went onto Justin's property. They exchanged words. The neighbor has had issues before," the source said.
Investigators are also looking into the neighbor's complaint that Bieber drove his sports car at high speeds through the otherwise quiet streets of his gated Calabasas, California, community, Whitmore said.
Bieber had just returned to his California home Tuesday morning after performing in Europe.
Bieber, 19, moved into a $6.5 million mansion in The Oaks of Calabasas a year ago. The exclusive community is also home to Michael Jackson's mother and his three children.
The teen pop star went through similar brush with the law last May when a photographer filed a complaint with the sheriff accusing Bieber of misdemeanor battery.
That incident involved an alleged scuffle in the parking lot of a Calabasas shopping center. The photographer said Bieber attacked him as he was taking photos of Bieber and his then-girlfriend, Selena Gomez. Prosecutors declined to pursue the charge against Bieber in the case.




Lance Bass on Justin Bieber: "With fame comes entitlement ... it's hard to keep that ego in check".
On the backdrop of what's been a headline-grabbing start to 2013 for music icon Justin Bieber, this evening "Piers Morgan Live" invites Lance Bass to offer his inside perspective into a life lived largely in the public eye.

Having reached super stardom as one-fifth of the world-famous boy band 'N Sync, Bass relates to what Bieber deals with, but admits the situations aren't identical:

"It is different, I was with a group, so I had four of my best friends with me to keep me down to earth," says the 33-year-old host of XM's "Dirty Pop." "When you're a solo artist, no one's there telling you 'No.' And I think that's the biggest problem, especially with teen idols, you immediately go from learning about puberty, to having hundreds of employees, and not really knowing how to deal with that."

During a record-setting seven year existence, Bass and 'N Sync sold more than 50 million albums, and excited fans across the world. As the guest notes, that type of success brings about a unique set of challenges:

"With fame comes entitlement. You have tons of people around you saying 'Yes sir, yes sir, yes sir.' So' it's hard to keep that ego in check," he tells Piers Morgan. "He's [Bieber] sought after all over the world, and that can get to you. That's got to affect someone at that age."

Watch the clip, and listen to the exchange, then tune in at 9 as Bass goes on to detail some of the specific issues that arise when young people garner the type of attention currently being paid to Justin Bieber.




Pick On Someone Your Own Size.
Alright, so Justin Bieber still has some things to figure out. Certainly when it comes to music. But when it comes to fashion, the little shroomhead—painful as it is for us to admit—has something going on. Here are 10 things the kid's got on many men twice his age—besides an autobiography

Remember what looks you were rocking at age 16? Depending on the era you came of age, you could've fallen for rat tails, JNCOs, or even pink leather shorts (IT WAS THE '80s!). We're not saying that The Bieb is blazing trails in the fashion department. We're just saying that despite his obvious shortcomings—his well-documented resemblance to a young lesbian included—the little shit knows how to pull himself together better than almost any teen on the scene right now. And, like it or not, these chops may just secure him a spot as an aught's style icon. So, give the kid a break and hear us out as we count down 10 style moves Bieber has nailed.





Justin Bieber At 19: One Year Post-GQ.
A year ago, GQ helped usher Justin Bieber into manhood with a major profile on the occasion of his 18th birthday. He was on top of the world then. Now? Let's just say adult life hasn't been so kind to JB yet. The author of that GQ profile reflects on the pop star he met, and what's different now.

"Justin was born a badass."

That was Scooter Braun, Justin Bieber's manager, talking to me on the phone when I was writing this profile of the teen idol that appeared in GQ a year ago. Since we ran that piece, Bieber has had a year that can be safely described as anything but badass. His girlfriend, Selena Gomez, dumped him. He was caught on camera threatening a photographer. He fainted backstage in London. He had the worst 19th birthday ever. His album, Believe, sold well but didn't get him the kind of critical adulation and ascension-to-Timberlake-status that he and his people were clearly gunning for. His tour bus just got raided. Oh, and he ruined the guestbook at the Anne Frank House. If you thought Bieber was a spoiled little shit, he's done a great deal this year to prove you correct. There is every indication that Bieber, like many child stars, is beginning to turn down a darker path, something that he and his people tried to convince GQ could not and would not happen.

Bieber is a lab rat. As Braun himself told me, "No one's ever been as famous as him as a solo artist this young... ever," and I couldn't think of a single example to prove him wrong. I asked my friend, the college football blogger and noted cultural historian Spencer Hall, to think of an example and he came up empty as well. "The last person to deal with this much fame this early," he said, "was emperor Puyi." In an age when fame has already ruined so many young talents, here is someone being subjected to the MOST fame... the absolute extreme end of privilege and wealth and adoration. He has 38 million INSANE people on Twitter who will threaten to knife your tires if you speak ill of him. And so it would be foolish of anyone to assume that Bieber has some kind of superpower that could negate the effects something like that would have on the human mind.

The funny thing is, I think Braun—who clearly loves Bieber—really believed Justin was special enough to overcome all that. "He wants desperately to be normal," Braun told me, "But I told him, 'Justin, you are not normal, you are extraordinary'... There is more depth and wisdom in that kid than in most adults." I didn't really believe any of that when I talked to Braun, but I did believe that Braun believed it, if that makes sense. Bieber rarely hangs out with people his age. Many of his friends are much older than him, and even though their affection for him seems genuine, they are convinced that he IS special and that he can handle anything.

This year, that notion has been exposed as complete bullshit. Instead of believing that Bieber could handle anything, his people should have stepped back for a moment said, "Wait, he's just a kid. We have to dial this back a bit." But they haven't. They've pressed on with an acoustic album and tour dates and more of everything, because it's hard to resist when the kid is generating millions of dollars. Braun may love Bieber, but it takes rare fortitude to stop the money train and send the kid off on a NOLS trip. The people who are closest to him also depend upon him—a reversal of the usual child/parental figure dynamic—and so everything gets warped. And as Bieber presses on conducting the lucrative business of being Justin Bieber, it will get more and more warped.

When I spent a night hanging around Bieber last spring, it was clear immediately that he's the kind of kid who loves showing you things. He loved showing off his car. He loved showing off the gold chain that Usher gave him. He loved showing off his clothes. And he loved showing off his music. Oh, how he loved showing off his music. He loved bringing people into the studio, cranking it up, and watching everyone nod in approval. Hell, even the songs are about showing off shit...
You don't need to be a psychiatrist to know that people like to show off their stuff when there's little else to them. There isn't much to indicate that Bieber will one day develop a true personality, one where he doesn't feel compelled to show people all his shiny new crap all the time. It's not an encouraging sign that he went to Anne Frank's house and thought that SHE would admire HIM, not the other way around. Braun tried to convince me that Bieber was at once normal and otherworldly. He was born a badass and yet he's, "about as normal as it comes." He's the most famous and wealthy young artist ever and yet, "He's more aware of real life and the harshness of it than most adults." You can't have it both ways. At nineteen, you can either be normal, or you can be famous. You can't be both, no matter how hard you try to make it happen. And if Bieber and his team keep trying, I can guarantee you that he'll have an even worse birthday when he turns twenty.




Justin Bieber: Pot Smoker.
Justin Drew Bieber is a pot smoker. It's official. The innocence of the Canadian disappeared the second the photographs of Bieber smoking what is 100 percent a blunt were posted to TMZ. And while most of the press is up in arms about Bieber's herbal appreciation, there is no reason to be upset. These kinds of things happen. Teenagers—when they're not busy being the worst people ever—smoke pot, even multi-millionaire ones with fantastic hair.

Now that Bieber is a known toker, there really is only one thing left to contemplate: Just what kind of pot smoker is he? Below are some common types to consider:

• The Lunchbox. The Lunchbox does one thing and one thing only: lunches. This kind of pot smoker never, ever, stops laughing. Want to have an in-depth discussion on the cultural implications of the inevitable collapse of small-town newspapers? Too bad, because the Lunchbox is lunching. Want to just share your theory that Quantum Leap was doomed the second its writers decided "Uh, make Sam a woman!" was a suitable plot point? The Lunchbox can't because he is on the floor laughing while saying "Bakula" over and over again. This kind of smoker is typically inexperienced, so there's a high (Lunchboxes reading this are dying at that pun) probability Bieber falls into this category.

• The Tweaker. Can't find the Tweaker after you're done burning one? Check the windows. The Tweaker is definitely peeking out through the blinds. This kind of pot smoker is extremely paranoid and rightfully so; the Tweaker has been arrested at least once for possession. The Tweaker will ironically yell "Be cool!" at people and can be found pacing back and forth and ruining everyone's good time. Given that Bieber is a huge celebrity and therefore worried about his image, there's a 50/50 chance he's a Tweaker.

• The Zombie. The Zombie is difficult to describe because this kind of pot smoker never actually speaks. It doesn't matter what is happening around him or her, the Zombie is zoned the fuck out. The Zombie also—no matter time of day it is—has bedhead, and is 94.6-percent likely to be wearing a LCD Soundsystem T-shirt. Bieber would never allow his hair to be anything less than perfect, so there's almost no shot he's The Zombie.

• The Snake. The Snake is always smoking pot with you—despite never being invited to smoke pot with you. You're about to turn and pass the bong to your friend, and bam! There's the Snake, intercepting it with a smile. Because the Snake is so sneaky, it's often difficult to tell him apart from other pot smokers, so here's a tip: Ask the person in question to display a form of currency that doesn't have pocket lint attached to it. If the person pulls a clean bill out, they are not The Snake. Bieber is a young man with excessive amounts of money and millions of adoring fans. He doesn't need to be shady about smoking. But then again, he has zero people to tell him not to be that way. Bieber the Snake? Never say never.





Germany asks Justin Bieber to pay costs of caring for his monkey.
German authorities have asked pop star Justin Bieber to hand over nearly $8,000 for the costs of caring for the capuchin monkey he left behind in Munich after bringing it on tour without the right paperwork.
The bill covers the cost of vaccinations, accommodation and transport for the monkey, known as Mally, which is now being cared for at a zoo in northern Germany.
Customs officials posted a public notice of the bill after failing to get a response from Bieber at the address he gave to customs officials, said Martin Brandlhuber, a customs spokesman at Munich's airport.
In light of that, German authorities have followed the applicable laws and made the claim publicly known, he said.
Bieber must pay up the next time he comes to Germany or risk being denied entry, Brandlhuber said.
If he is unable to pay cash, then customs officials could confiscate other property to meet the claim, Brandlhuber said. Alternatively, Bieber could be denied entry and be required to provide a valid address.
The young monkey was taken to a Munich animal shelter after it was confiscated at the end of March as Bieber arrived in Germany on a European tour.
Mally was transferred to the Serengeti Park in Hodenhagen, near Hanover, in June after spending several weeks in quarantine.
Bieber had until May 7 to present the paperwork to reclaim his pet but failed to do so, zoo spokeswoman Juliane Gunkel said last month.
As a result, Mally is now the property of the German government, and the Serengeti Park is acting as the caretaker. The park was picked because it is the only zoo in Germany that has a family of capuchins for Mally to join.
Bieber's representatives declined to comment at the time the animal was confiscated.




Mario Batali on Justin Bieber urination incident: "I would have brutally kicked his ass".
Coming up this evening at 9, "Piers Morgan Live" sets the table with another fascinating – and in many way delicious – edition of "Guest Host Week," as celebrity chef and television personality Anthony Bourdain writes his own menu, and as always, candor and humor are the specials of the day.

Joined by his colleagues, fellow chef's Eric Ripert and Mario Batali, the dinner conversation turns to, of all things, "The Biebs":

"One of my favorite artists, Justin Bieber, was filmed recently going through the kitchen of an operating nightclub, a busy kitchen, and apparently chose to relieve himself into a mop bucket in the actual kitchen itself in front of the kitchen staff. More to the point, [he] left a mess for, you know, the night clean-up guy, the morning dishwasher," explained the host of "Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown." "Surely you don’t approve of this sort of behavior. What would be the appropriate response, were you the chef at this establishment and young Justin Bieber decided to stop in your kitchen to relieve himself and syphon the python into the mop bucket. How would you respond?"

Holding little back, Batali suggested a slight serving of physicality might be in order:

"I would have brutally kicked his ass. I mean, that’s not just being funny and flip that’s actually peeing on somebody’s workplace," said the American chef, writer, and restauranteur. "That’s odd, that’s weird, that’s just…I mean I think he just needs a wakeup call. I don’t think he’s an evil kid."

Seated directly to Batali's left, Ripert wrote off Bieber antics as simply the result of youth and ignorance:

"He was drunk and stupid," said the French chef.

Watch the clip further to see Bourdain finish the sentence "no matter how drunk and stupid I’ve ever been," and then tune in at 9 for the full episode of "PIers Morgan Live" hosted by Anthony Bourdain.




Bieber calls Clinton after using the F-word.
Justin Bieber called and apologized to former President Bill Clinton after a recently-emerged video showed the artist spraying cleaner fluid on a photo of the former president and saying "F*** Bill Clinton."

An aide to Clinton confirmed the apology, and Bieber tweeted about the conversation Wednesday night.
@billclinton thanks for taking the time to talk Mr. President. Your words meant alot. #greatguy
The video, posted online by TMZ, showed Bieber urinating in a janatorial mop bucket as he and his entourage exited a nightclub through a restauraunt kitchen.

The poorly-shot video then shows Bieber using what looks like cleaning liquid to spray a poster of Clinton as the performer shouts the expletive about the former president. The incident reportedly happened in New York City earlier this year.

E! Online reported that Bieber told Clinton he would love to help the Clinton Global Initiative, a public health and humanitarian organization run by the former president and his family.

Clinton reportedly told Bieber, "If that is the worst thing you have ever done, all is well."




Justin Bieber in accident involving pedestrian.
It's that combination again: Justin Bieber, an automobile, and a mishap.
The singer-heartthrob was reportedly involved in an accident in Los Angeles on Monday night involving a pedestrian.
According to the Los Angeles Police Department, officers responded to a collision at 8800 Sunset Blvd., in the famed Sunset Strip area of the city. According to TMZ, as Bieber, 19, was leaving a local comedy club with rapper Lil Twist, his Ferrari was surrounded by paparazzi, one of whom got pinned between Bieber's car and another vehicle.
A preliminary investigation showed that no crime was involved, the LAPD's Lt. Craig Valenzuela said. He noted that there may have been initial concern that it was a hit-and-run, but preliminary investigations indicated it was not.
The pedestrian, who was unidentified, sustained some injuries but they were not life-threatening.
This isn't the first time the singer has had driving troubles. Last month police twice responded to reports that Bieber was speeding around his gated Southern California community. Last July, he was involved in a high-speed chase with paparazzi on an LA freeway. And in November he was cited for making an unsafe left turn and having an expired registration.
On New Year's Day, the Ferrari was involved in an incident in which a photographer was run over and killed while crossing a busy street after taking pictures of the vehicle. Bieber was not present at the time.
A representative for Bieber had no immediate comment on the most recent incident.




Man Up, Bieber.
Justin Bieber is now 18 years old. Which means, technically, he's an adult. But the question remains: Is he a man? (If you just laughed, congratulations: You're mean.) GQ sent Drew Magary to spend one wild night with the Beeb in Los Angeles right after his big birthday, with explicit orders not to come back until we knew the answer

I have been told specifically that I will be able to punch Justin Bieber in the face. It is mid-March, and I am standing on the patio outside Conway Studios in Hollywood, where Bieber is recording his new album, and I have been waiting for him for hours. Fifty-one hours, to be precise, at least if we're counting the two times that our meeting has been postponed so far. This time, however, I have been assured that Bieber is really coming, and that he wants to fight me. He's due to arrive at any minute now, which is good, because I can't wait to draw some Canadian teenybopper blood.


Justin Bieber is now 18 years old. And when you're a teen superstar who has just turned 18, there are really only two options for where you can go next: You can mature into a "real" artist, or you can swan-dive straight onto the pop-cultural scrap heap with all the other reality stars and drug addicts. A small cottage industry has been erected around Bieber to make sure he doesn't choose Door No. 2, and so the rebranding of a more grown-up Justin Bieber has begun. There's the new album, out this month, called Believe, which is stacked with ready-made dance-floor singles. There's a new haircut (no more stupid bangs). And then there's me. To commemorate the birth of Bieber 2.0, GQ asked me to fly out to Los Angeles and make a man out of him. Never mind that Bieber has already made more money and been offered a finer selection of quality tail than you or I ever will. The goal was explicit: Get Bieber to experience some kind of rite of manhood.

To that end, we proposed to his people any number of insane ideas: drinking, smoking, drinking, going to a titty bar, gambling, drinking, shooting things, drinking, etc. We assumed most of them would be rejected but that perhaps one might slip through the cracks, hopefully the drinking. I told everyone I knew that I had been handed the precious mission of turning Justin Bieber into a gin-swilling, donkey-punching man of the world.

My wife: "You're meeting Justin Bieber?"

My mom: "That's the kid with the hair, right?"

My kid: "You're meeting Justin Beaver?"

Damn straight I was. And when I was done with him, he would be Justin Beaver: teenybopper turned porn-star assassin.

Of course, none of this ended up coming to pass. Turns out neither Bieber nor his team were all that interested in any of our manly ideas. In fact, it's a measure of just how carefully managed Bieber is that all of our ideas, even having a simple beer, were treated as impossibilities, like proposing to build a gay disco in Iran. A second round of gentler ideas (let's race go-karts!) was also rejected, to the point where I was willing to settle for just seeing Bieber in person, to confirm that he actually existed. His people finally blessed a basic, nothing-on-the-agenda meeting on a Monday night, only to cancel it while I was midair on my way to Los Angeles.

On Tuesday, I was told that I could meet him at his recording studio and then we'd hash out whatever manly activity was left for us once we ruled out anything fun. I got there at 8 p.m. and was told by Bieber's PR lady that Justin was in the studio but was about to go to dinner with his mom and I'd have to wait till he got back.

"So he's here now?" I asked.

"Yes," she said.

"Can I see him?"

"No."

"Can I go to dinner with him and his mom? I'll eat light."

"No. He'll be back in an hour."

To keep me occupied, I was escorted into the studio, where Kuk Harrell, Bieber's vocal producer, was working on Believe without him. Harrell is an incredibly nice man who looks like a black version of Johnny Depp's Willy Wonka, so I was happy to sit around and stare at his hair for a while.

After a few minutes, I noticed that someone had drawn a bunch of dicks all over the grease board by the door. So I pointed at them and asked, "Hey, who drew all the dicks?" One of the sound engineers immediately jumped up, ran over, and erased them with his sleeve. This is the new and mature Bieber. We can't have dicks being drawn all over the place. People might get the wrong idea about filthy-rich 18-year-old pop stars.

At eight forty, the PR lady came in to tell me—surprise!—Bieber would not be returning tonight. Finally, after I sat in my hotel room for another day and ran through as many imaginary conversations with the Beeb as any of his 12-year-old fangirls, word came down from the mountaintop: I would meet Bieber at his studio at 6 p.m. that night and we would box. Given all of our suggestions that had been rejected, this made no sense. Well, we can't have Justin openly buying pornography—why don't we just endanger his singing voice and orbital bone structure instead? But only a fool would argue. If someone asks you if you'd like to punch Justin Bieber in the face, the answer is yes.

Now I'm back at the studio, ready to fight. Bieber is running late, I am told, because he's procuring the boxing equipment. The PR lady, Melissa, warns me that Bieber boxes regularly and that his father, Jeremy, is a former MMA fighter. Now I'm starting to get a little worried. I've been waiting two and a half days, and I was looking forward to teaching this kid a lesson about punctuality. But for the first time, it's dawning on me that Justin Bieber might be able to kick my ass. What if his Horny Teenager Strength can easily overpower my Dad Strength? What if he knocks me out? What if he puts me in the hospital? What if he kills me? Do I still get paid for this?

Read More http://www.gq.com/entertainment/celebrities/201206/justin-bieber-gq-june-2012-interview#ixzz2iDFJcGvc




Is Justin Bieber Music Industry's newest bad boy?: E! Chief News Correspondent Ken Baker weighs in.
Chief E News Correspondent Ken Baker on Justin Bieber's continued troubles with law enforcement. He is on 'Starting Point' with John Berman and Christine Romans on the pop-star's continued pattern of 'hostility' towards law enforcement. Bieber has had several run-ins with law enforcement over his alleged speeding and reckless driving through his California neighborhood. Other famous faces who live in the same neighborhood have expressed concerns and aggravations at the teen's behavior.




Justin Bieber had better slow down, neighbors say.
Los Angeles (CNN) -- Justin Bieber's neighbors want the teen to slow down when he's driving through their exclusive Calabasas, California, community.
"Somebody's going to beat him up if he doesn't slow down," the bodyguard for one of the many celebrities who live near the singer told CNN on Wednesday.
Retired NFL star Keyshawn Johnson went to Bieber's home Monday to counsel him about the dangers of going too fast on the residential streets, but Bieber wouldn't speak to him, Johnson's rep said.
Fan rushes Bieber at Dubai concert
Although his rep said Johnson did not report Bieber's speeding to law enforcement, the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department spokesman told CNN that two neighbors did call the local sheriff's station to complain.
Deputies visited Bieber's home in the Oaks, but Bieber refused to talk to them, too, sheriff's department spokesman Steve Whitmore said.
Bieber's representatives have not responded to CNN's calls for comment.




Swedish police: Small amount of drugs taken from Bieber's bus.
Swedish police found illegal narcotics on Justin Bieber's tour bus as it was parked outside Stockholm's Globe Arena, where he was performing, a police spokesman said Thursday.
While a source close to Bieber insisted it was a non-story and no charges were filed, it is the latest stumble in the teen pop star's European tour. Bieber's publicist had no official comment when contacted by CNN.
Police found a small amount of unspecified illegal narcotics on the tour bus that Bieber and about nine others had taken to the arena for the concert Wednesday night, Stockholm police spokesman Varg Gyllander said.
Authorities searched the bus at the arena after a police officer smelled marijuana near the vehicle when it was outside a Stockholm hotel, Gyllander said. The Bieber team had left the bus before police searched it.
The case is under investigation, but no arrests were made and no charges have been filed, Gyllander said. For a charge of possession of narcotics, police must find the drug on the offender, he said.
The Stockholm concert proceeded as scheduled. Bieber's next concert is on Sunday in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Earlier this month, Bieber drew criticism for a remark he left in the guest book of the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam, Netherlands. He suggested that Frank, the teenage diarist who died in a Nazi concentration camp in 1945, would have been a fan of his. Critics accused him of being narcissistic, but others, including Frank's stepsister, criticized the uproar and said Frank might indeed have been a fan.
And last month in Munich, German authorities confiscated a young monkey that Bieber traveled with.